docs(twicpics): adding twicpics documentation (#907)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/03-extensions/twicpics/index.mdx

---
title: "Twicpics"
description:
  "This extension allow you to use Twicpics in your Front-Commerce store."
---

<p>{frontMatter.description}</p>

## Prerequisites

> - Twicpics account

Reviewer: Link?

> - Twicpics account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TwicPics account
```

## Installation

Install the `@front-commerce/twicpics` package:

```bash
pnpm install @front-commerce/twicpics
```

## Usage

> Update your `front-commerce.config.ts` to add those lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the TwicPics extension to your `front-commerce.config.ts`:
```
